Added a resources file where the community can link to external workshops, blog posts, etc (#449)
kubeflow/website: content/docs/examples/resources.md

+++
title = "Examples and tutorials"
description = "A summary of recommended walkthroughs, blog posts, tutorials, and codelabs"
weight = 8
+++

{{< blocks/content-section title="Kubeflow samples" color="light" >}}

{{% blocks/content-item %}}
This section introduces the examples in the 
[kubeflow/examples](https://github.com/kubeflow/examples) repo.
{{% /blocks/content-item %}}

{{% blocks/content-item title="Semantic code search"
  url="https://github.com/kubeflow/examples/tree/master/code_search" %}}

> Perform a semantic code search using a Sequence to Sequence natural language 

Author: Thanks. FYI, the "suggested change" feature doesn't work well on a Mac - I can only see 1 line in the little window, and no way of expanding/scrolling. I'm having to copy the text blind, then figure out what the change should be.

> processing model. This tutorial runs in a Jupyter notebook and uses Google 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
perform a semantic code search. This tutorial runs in a Jupyter notebook and uses Google 
```

Reviewer: Line 2 of the previous suggested edit.

  url="https://github.com/kubeflow/examples/tree/master/pytorch_mnist" %}}
Train a distributed PyTorch model on GCP and serve the model with Seldon Core.
{{% /blocks/content-item %}}

{{% blocks/content-item title="Ames housing value prediction" 
  url="https://github.com/kubeflow/examples/tree/master/xgboost_ames_housing" %}}
Train an XGBoost model using the Kaggle Ames Housing Prices prediction on GCP.
Use Selcon Core to serve the model locally, or GCP to serve it in the cloud.
{{% /blocks/content-item %}}
{{< /blocks/content-section >}}

{{< blocks/content-section title="Codelabs, workshops, and walkthroughs" color="white" >}}

{{% blocks/content-item %}}
Below is a list of recommended end-to-end tutorials, workshops, walkthroughs,
and codelabs that are hosted outside the Kubeflow repositories.
{{% /blocks/content-item %}}

{{% blocks/content-item title="OpenShift Kubeflow Workshop"
  url="https://github.com/AICoE/openshift_kubeflow_workshop" %}}
Run Kubeflow on Red Hat [OpenShift](https://www.openshift.com/).
{{% /blocks/content-item %}}

{{% blocks/content-item title="Katacode scenarios" 
  url="https://www.katacoda.com/kubeflow" %}}

> Follow these tutorials on deploying Kubeflow and running a machine learning 

Author: Done

{{% blocks/content-item %}}
The following blog posts provide detailed examples and use cases. Be aware that
a blog post describes the interfaces at the time of publication of the post.
{{% /blocks/content-item %}}

{{% blocks/content-item title="The Kubeflow blog"
  url="https://medium.com/kubeflow" %}}
Visit the Kubeflow blog to keep up to date with news about the project and to
learn how to use the latest features.
{{% /blocks/content-item %}}

{{% blocks/content-item title="Using Kubeflow to train and serve a PyTorch model in Google Cloud Platform"
  date="January 23, 2019"
  url="https://medium.com/kubeflow/end-to-end-kubeflow-tutorial-using-a-pytorch-model-in-google-cloud-platform-10fef557a089" %}}
This example demonstrates how you can use Kubeflow to train and serve a 
distributed Machine Learning model with PyTorch on a Google Kubernetes Engine 
cluster in Google Cloud Platform (GCP).
{{% /blocks/content-item %}}

{{% blocks/content-item title="Getting started with Kubeflow Pipelines"
  date="November 16, 2018"
  url="https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/ai-machine-learning/getting-started-kubeflow-pipelines" %}}

> In this article, we’ll describe how you can tackle ML workflow operations with 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article describes how you can tackle ML workflow operations with 
```

Author: Done

> Kubeflow Pipelines, and then we’ll highlight some examples that you can try 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubeflow Pipelines, and highlights some examples that you can try 
```

model, with data pulled from a public BigQuery dataset of Chicago taxi trips.
{{% /blocks/content-item %}}

{{% blocks/content-item title="How to create and deploy a Kubeflow machine learning pipeline"
  date="November 22 - December 4, 2018"
  url="https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-create-and-deploy-a-kubeflow-machine-learning-pipeline-part-1-efea7a4b650f" %}}
 A series of articles that walk you through the process of taking an existing 
 real-world TensorFlow model and operationalizing the training, evaluation, 
 deployment, and retraining of that model using Kubeflow Pipelines. 
 [Part 1](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-create-and-deploy-a-kubeflow-machine-learning-pipeline-part-1-efea7a4b650f)
 (creating and deploying a pipeline), and
 [part 2](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-deploy-jupyter-notebooks-as-components-of-a-kubeflow-ml-pipeline-part-2-b1df77f4e5b3)
 (using Jupyter notebooks).
{{% /blocks/content-item %}}
{{< /blocks/content-section >}}

{{< blocks/content-section title="Videos" color="white" >}}

{{% blocks/content-item %}}
Tutorials and overviews published in video format. Be aware that a video 

> describes the interfaces at the time of publication of the video.

Reviewer: Perhaps also clarify that interfaces change frequently?
